well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
President Trump mail and voting and the
perception of who the Republican Party
represents I'm sure you've heard he has
launched a campaign against expanding
mail and voting which is funny to me
because Melon voting would certainly
help the working-class those people who
have to work those people who can't take
off those people who are just too busy
because they're out there being job
creators and being you know productive
members of society those are the people
that really could benefit from it and
that's apparently who the Republican
Party represents in theory but that may
not be true okay
so expanding Mellon voting theoretically
would help Trump because the people who
use it most are his people 65 and up
retired people see Trump didn't get a
majority of any age demographic until
you hit 50 years old or older by 65 and
up he's getting 53 percent of the vote
that's pretty significant and in 2016
the number of people who were 60 plus
who voted it was like more than 70
percent a really high turnout and they
use Melon voting the most it's almost
like if people have access to means
shopping cart Corral they will exercise
their social responsibility and he
doesn't want them to do that because his
worry is that if younger people have
access and can't vote well that they'll
vote against him because they will
because he doesn't represent the working
class
the people who are voting for him are
significantly those who are either at a
station in their life where they can
take off or they're retired the average
blue-collar worker yeah there's some but
most no he doesn't represent their
interest I mean you've got those very
loud diehard fans but they're they're
slipping there they're dwindling so if
more of them had the ability to vote and
be bad for the Republicans who would be
bad for Trump so he wants to cut off
access that there's a term for it it's
called voter suppression and I know his
dog-cart fans are gonna say no it's
about fraud he's worried about fraud
he's always worried about fraud in any
election he thinks he's gonna lose he
made that claim here in Florida when he
thought his his his people were gonna
lose he started rage tweeting about
voter fraud and finding extra votes for
Democrats and said he was gonna send his
lawyers down here he never sent his
lawyers by the way they were probably
too busy maybe they were working on the
whole Trump University thing or they
were making payments to people I don't
know but they never showed up
however FDLE our state-level Bureau of
Investigation they investigated it
thoroughly and found nothing voter fraud
is just what he drags out it's his go-to
because his base is conspiratorial he
minded and if he loses well he has to
have been cheated and he believes that
because that's how he would win if he
could my opinion on that
the key takeaway here is that he doesn't
care about the average American he
doesn't care about their voice he
doesn't want to hear it which makes
sense it's what he's proven his entire
administration he doesn't even listen to
the experts had he done that led us into
a shutdown a week earlier tens of
thousands of lives would have been saved
he doesn't care he never did it he
doesn't represent working-class
interests it's not even on his agenda he
cares about his approval numbers and how
many of them that he can dupe into
voting for him a second time and if he
can't trick them well he's got to stop
him from voting the easiest way to do
that is cut off their means to exercise
their social responsibility under this
system that's my theory I know there are
a lot of other ones but I would also
point out all of you true patriots that
the military has been voting by mail for
decades for decades probably don't want
that expanded either because most of the
troops have seen how much he's weakened
our national defense how he's curtailed
our ability to force project how he has
sold out the country make America great
again right anyway that's it's my theory
I could be wrong I don't think I am I
think it is about worrying that if he
expands access to voting and more people
vote there will be more people who don't
like him who vote and right now he just
wants those old people who sit at home
and watch Fox News all day that's who he
wants to have access anyway it's just a
thought we all have a good day